Ghaziabad: A 35-year-old doctor of a private hospital was allegedly abused and assaulted by poet Kumar Vishwas’s security men on Wednesday, while the former politician blamed the man for attacking a car with his security personnel. No FIRs have been registered yet, police said.The doctor, Pallab Bajpai, claimed he was headed to a private hospital in Pratap Vihar to conduct an operation when a police car had indicated to overtake his vehicle under a flyover near the Hindon river in the Indirapuram area.“After the police vehicle car passed, a Kia Carnival, tailing my car, started honking. Since there was little space, I was unable to give way. The car somehow overtook and intercepted my car. Two men got out of it and started questioning my driving skills. They also abused me. When I objected, they told me that Kumar Vishwas was inside the car and was getting late to reach an event. I tried to explain I also had an operation scheduled. On this, one of the men dragged me out of the car and started beating me up,” Bajpai stated in his complaint.He claimed more men stepped out of the Kia Carnival and hit him with the butt of a gun.“I shouted for help, screaming Kumar’s name several times, but he did not step out. They thrashed me for over 10 minutes,” the complaint stated.Meanwhile, in a counter-complaint, the former AAP functionary has alleged that when he was travelling to Aligarh from Vasundhara, the driver of a car tried to hit a vehicle in which his security men were travelling from both sides and also assaulted them and a UP Police constable when stopped.“He first grabbed the collar of one of the cops, Amit Bhadauria, and pushed him, due to which the identity card chain around his neck broke. Then he attacked a security guard, Ravikant. He also tried to snatch weapons of the security personnel,” a written complaint submitted by Kumar Vishwas stated.ACP Swatantra Singh said they have received counter complaints, and an investigation was underway. “No FIR has been registered yet,” he added.We also published the following articles recentlyHostage crisis at Germany's Hamburg airport after armed man breaches security with his carA man forcefully breached security at a German airport, driving his vehicle through a gate and discharging his firearm. The airport was closed, and all flights were canceled. The man's wife had expressed concerns about a potential child abduction, and it was later discovered that he had taken his 4-year-old child from the mother. Police quickly responded, surrounding the man's vehicle. A psychologist was called to de-escalate the situation, and all passengers were safely evacuated from the airport.Volvo Cars' hybrid car sales decline as all-electric models register significant growthVolvo Cars reported a 10% increase in sales in October, driven by a notable 29% surge in sales of fully electric cars. Hybrid car sales, however, saw an 8% decline. All recharge models collectively saw a 7% increase, making up 36% of overall sales. Volvo Cars' shares rose 6% in the stock market, and CEO Jim Rowan expressed positive expectations for demand and profit margins for electric vehicles in the current quarter. The company highlighted strong sales in Europe and the U.S., as well as steady sales in China.Delhi: Five thak-thak gang men held for theft from ex-MPs carFive members of a thak-thak gang have been arrested for stealing a bag from the car of former parliamentarian YV Subba Reddy. The bag contained a diplomatic passport, Rs1 lakh, and important documents. CCTV footage revealed that the suspects had food in the same canteen before carrying out the crime. The gang, hailing from Tamil Nadu, came to Delhi to commit crimes and would return a few months later. A laptop stolen by the gang was also recovered. Police are continuing their investigation to apprehend other members of the gang.