LUCKNOW: With its stated objective of 'religion, cultural nationalism and development', the Uttar Pradesh government is all set to hold its first-ever cabinet meeting in Ayodhya on Thursday. Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath will chair the meeting on November 9 which holds significance as the Supreme Court had passed its order on this date in 2019 which paved the way for the construction of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya.The all-important meeting where some crucial decisions pertaining to Ayodhya are likely to be endorsed, will be followed by a grand Deepotsav two days later, a precursor to the inauguration of the Ram Temple by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on January 22, 2024. A government spokesperson said around 24 ministers are expected to attend the cabinet meeting.Third state cabinet meeting being held outside LucknowThis is the third time the cabinet meeting is being held outside Lucknow after one in Prayagraj during the 2019 Kumbh and then in Varanasi. “The chief minister will spend around four hours in Ayodhya, divided between the cabinet meeting and then supervising preparations for the Deepotsav,” the official said. On the preparations related to the cabinet meeting, Ayodhya divisional commissioner Gaurav Dayal said: "The cabinet meeting will take place tomorrow for the first time. It is the CM's decision. Important points related to the development of the state will be discussed in the meeting. All cabinet ministers would be present here. They would visit Hanuman Garhi and Ram Lalla before the meeting. The venue of the meeting is the Ram Katha Museum." An official added that the CM is scheduled to arrive at Ramkatha Park around 11 am. From there he will go to offer prayers at Hanumangarhi with his cabinet colleagues. They will then offer prayers before the Ram Lalla. The cabinet meeting is scheduled to take place at 12 noon. All senior ministers, who are on election duty in other states, have also been asked to ensure their presence in the meeting. Chief secretary DS Mishra, additional chief secretaries, principal secretaries, director-general of police and director, information will also remain present. Sources indicated that as has been his practice with cabinet meetings held outside Lucknow, the CM is likely to make an important announcement after the meeting. Meanwhile, around a dozen proposals may be taken up during the meeting, around five of which may be related to Ayodhya. This may include setting up of an Ayodhya Religious Tourism Development Board and clearance of land for a museum. Some more proposals related to PWD may also be discussed during the meeting.