For the 21st round of the 2023 season, Formula One headed to the 4.309 km long Autodromo Jose Carlos Pace in Interlagos for the Brazilian Grand Prix (currently held under the name Sao Paulo GP), also the last Sprint weekend of the season. It was Red Bull's Max Verstappen who recorded a dominant victory at the Sao Paulo Grand Prix, making it a record-breaking 17th win for the 3x world champion in 2023.Charles Leclerc crashed out on Turn 7 on the formation lap itself after his Ferrari spun off due to an issue with the hydraulics, forcing him to retire.. The Monegasque's race came to an end then and there. At the start, Verstappen maintained the race lead, with Lando Norris making a brilliant move to move up to P2. On the second lap, Alex Albon clipped Kevin Magnussen, resulting in the race being red flagged. Both of the drivers also faced an early retirement.How Lenovo made the world's first Kiss Activated F1 trophy | TOI AutoPiastri was initially called back to the pits with a broken rear wing, having been tagged from behind by the spinning Magnussen. But thanks to the red flag, the team managed to repair it. Unfortunately, the Australian rookie joined at the back of the grid as the sole driver on medium tyres while others were running softs.The race restart saw Verstappen still keeping the lead, but with Norris now coming dangerously close after DRS activation two laps later. However, it was about time that the world champion pulled himself ahead of DRS range. Starting from P3, Fernando Alonso was keeping his position, while his teammate, who started on 4th, had now fallen down to seventh.Here are all the point scorers at the 2023 Formula 1 Sao Paulo Grand Prix -1. Max Verstappen (Red Bull)2. Lando Norris (McLaren)3. Fernando Alonso (Aston Martin)4. Sergio Perez (Red Bull)5. Lance Stroll (Aston Martin)6. Carlos Sainz (Ferrari)7. Pierre Gasly (Alpine)8. Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes)9. Yuki Tsunoda (AlphaTauri)10. Esteban Ocon (Alpine)Hamilton's lap 20 pit stop for mediums saw a chain reaction with other drivers following behind. The move helped them undercut Red Bull with Perez rejoining the grid behind Hamilton despite his super quick 2.2s pit stop. The two are currently battling it out for the runner up spot in the world championship. Meanwhile Zhou Guanyu was asked to retire his Alfa Romeo on lap 24, making him the fourth driver out of the Sao Paulo GP.To make matters worse, Zhou's teammate Bottas' car was also retired, resulting in a double DNF for Alfa Romeo. Russell was also forced to pit owing to an oil temperature issue, with Mercedes then retiring his car from the race, taking the total of DNFs up to six for the 2023 Sao Paulo GP.In the end, it was current world champion Verstappen who went on to clinch his second win of the weekend after coming out on top in Saturday’s Sprint. Norris finished in second, while Alonso completed the podium after holding off Checo Perez in a thrilling battle to the line with only 0.053 seconds separating the two.Lance Stroll took fifth, further adding to Aston Martin's tally. Carlos Sainz was the sole Ferrari runner at the GP and finished in sixth ahead of Pierre Gasly's Alpine. Lewis Hamilton ended a tough day for Mercedes in P8, with Yuki Tsunoda and Esteban Ocon rounding up the top 10.A P4 finish from Perez means that he has now slightly increased his lead from Hamilton for the runner up position in the drivers' championship. The Mexican is on 258 points while Hamilton now sits on 226 points. Fernando Alonso moved up to fourth with 198 points after the Brazil GP. The battle for second in the constructors' championship is also very much on. Mercedes currently occupies P2 with 382 points with Ferrari on third with 362. McLaren and Aston Martin are fighting behind them with 282 and 261 points respectively.Stay tuned to TOI Auto for all F1 news as well as race reports of the remaining two races this season in Las Vegas and Abu Dhabi.