HYDERABAD: Chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Sunday called upon the people to realise that regional parties were far better than national parties as only they can understand the pain of their states and people. The CM's remark comes ahead of PM Narendra Modi's two rallies scheduled on November 7 and 11.Addressing public meetings in Khammam and Kothagudem, KCR said the work of national and regional parties was in front of people."You know I speak the truth. Trust me. The future is going to be of regional parties as they can better safeguard the interests of their people. What have the Congress and BJP done for Telangana?" he asked.Pointing out that national parties worked under their high command in Delhi, he said: "Should we also become slaves by remaining under these 'ghulams' (slaves) of Delhi? An era of regional parties is going to come.""During the Telangana statehood movement, the national parties insulted us. Some of the participants of the movement were shot at and several others sent to jails. Did you see their love for our state? Do you want to elect these Delhi slaves and become slaves again or want your government? It is time for the people to decide whether they want a party which is good for Telangana," he said.The CM said there was a need for a mature democracy for a progressive nation."Do not get carried away by promises being made by some political parties and their candidates. Try to know the history and work done by each political party and their leaders before giving your vote. The Congress governed the erstwhile Andhra Pradesh for 50 years but did nothing for Telangana. The BJP made no contribution to the new Telangana state. But the BRS government has solved the power and water shortage problem, giving welfare schemes and attending to every issue faced by the people," KCR said. The CM sought to assure the people that the Sita Rama Lift irrigation project would be completed after the BRS returns to power. Listing out development projects implemented by Puvvada Ajay and Vanama Venkateswara Rao in Khammam and Kothagudem respectively, the CM called upon the people to understand their hard work as many of these schemes were land and moneyintensive projects. KCR focussed on local issues related to development and welfare, and how the BRS government attended to them.