NEW DELHI: India all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja played a big part in keeping the hosts’ unbeaten run intact against South Africa on Sunday, contributing with both bat and ball. Jadeja scored an unbeaten 29, off 15 balls, and took his maiden World Cup five-wicket haul to dismantle the Proteas run chase. Jadeja's 5 for 33 was only the second World Cup fifer by an Indian spinner after Yuvraj Singh(5/31) achieved the feat in the 2011 edition against Ireland.And the star all-rounder deservedly earned wholehearted praise from his skipperRohit Sharma after the match. Rohit commended Jadeja's understanding of his role and the team's expectations, acknowledging the all-rounder's significant contribution to the team.Former Pakistan cricketers also agreed with Rohit's praise and said that on turning pitches Jadeja is a tough bowler to face. "Thoda sa ball turn hona shuru ho jaye, aur jis pace mein woh ball karte hain. Toh bas uske baad toh bahut mushkil hai [When the ball starts turning a bit and with the pace he bowls. It's very tough to face Jadeja]," Shoaib Malik, former Pakistan captain, said during a discussion on 'A Sports'.Malik explained why Jadeja's deliveries are tough to negotiate in such conditions."Jahaan se who ball karte hain, yeh bahut mushkil ho jata hain. Woh thoda sa wider the crease bowling karta hain and thoda round arm unka action hain. Jab woh ball aise drift hota hai, toh face karna mushkil hai [He bowls from wider the crease with round arm action. And when the ball drifts from that angle, it becomes very difficult to face him]," Malik explained.Bowling legend Wasim Akram compared Jadeja's pace with the one of South Africa's Keshav Maharaj in the match."Phir bhi comparison agar dekha jaaye toh main dekh raha tha, jab Maharaj ne jab out kiya hain Gill ko toh uski pace thi 80 to 84 km, aur jab Jadeja ne bol kiya toh I think it was 96 or 98 km. Itna fark tha [If you compare the pace of Maharaj's delivery when he bowled Gill, which was 80-84 kmph, and Jadeja's pace was 96-98 kmph. That's a big difference]," Akram said acknowledging Jadeja's superior pace.Ex-Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq also added his observation about the rotation of the ball when Jadeja released his deliveries. "When the ball comes out of Jadeja's hand, we can see the rotation on it. But when Nawaz was bowling it was not rotating on air. It was not spinning while coming out of his fingers," Misbah said comparing Jadeja's delivery with Pakistan spinner Mohammad Nawaz's delivery.Cricket World Cup 2023: India crush South Africa by 243 runs, extend winning streak to eight matches in ODI World CupIndia, who have secured their top spot in the standings with the win against South Africa, will now face the Netherlands in their last league game on November 12. 