Have you felt that prick of worry when you look at your phone and see a message like “Electrcty bill unpaid. Connection will be disconncted. Reach out to XYZ number”. Seen in a moment of hurry, such messages can incite anxiety and in urgency, people follow the instructions in the message, and often, this leads to people losing substantial chunks of their hard-earned money.This type of communication tries to mimic official messages from electricity suppliers wherein consumers are informed about their unpaid bills for a certain month and the due date for paying that sum of money. What you need to understand about these messages is that the urgency quotient is high. These texts will always ask you to click on a link or share key information or call or send a message on a number or download an app. Fraudsters might get remote control over your smartphones or get their hands on your bank details, and then your account will be depleted heavily of its money. But if you spend a moment or two, these messages will have some errors like spelling mistakes or poor grammar, which unveil their dubious nature. So, here are some pointers that you can remember before you give in to the urgent nature of these messages and lose your financial resources: 1. Fraudsters will often try to imitate an entity. Check the name of the organisation before acting on the message. 2. Cyber fraudsters will come up with their ways of trying to trick you like going to fake websites or calling random numbers. Stay cautious and do not entertain such alerts. 3. Phishing emails have been flooding people’s inboxes. This communication might ask for an updation of details. 4. Before clicking on the link, look out for any spelling errors or grammatical mistakes. 5. If anything appears to be too enticing, stop for a moment. A deal or an offer that might excite the shopper in you might cost you a great deal of money. Look up reviews regarding the authenticity of the website and its services or check the URL security padlock of the website to see if it is verified. And if it appears to be dubious, better to walk away than lose your precious money. 5. If your bill payment is due and you have received an alert about it, it is wise to check with the official electricity supplier whose details are always in your previous bills. These messages are often big on urgency so that you don’t get a moment to ponder the genuineness of the communication. 6. Always look at the number from which you have received the message. Officials will always reach out to you from their registered landline numbers and not 10-digit mobile numbers. Fraudsters win when people give in to the fake urgency and the anxiety of a missed payment. But all you need to do is stay calm and alert in the moment. Officials generally do not operate with such instant urgencies, and fair warnings are always issued.Join the Vigil Army: HDFC Bank’s ‘Vigil Aunty’, is at the forefront of encouraging people to guard their financial reserves from such frauds. It only takes some minutes and bad decisions to lose a life’s worth of savings. To join the Vigil Army, send ‘Hi’ to her via WhatsApp, and follow her on @VforVigilAunty on Instagram and @VforVigilAuntyOfficial on Facebook. For more information, visit here.Disclaimer: This article has been produced on behalf of HDFC Bank by Times Internet’s Spotlight team.