Tata Consultancy Services has reportedly appointed Elizabeth Mathew as head of TCS LeaD. The company announced Mathew's appointment via an internal communication seen by Economic Times. The internal note to employees is signed by TCS' HR head Milind Lakkad.LeaD is TCS' internal program to promote diversity and leadership at the senior level.Mathew is a company veteran Mathew.Based in Bengaluru, she has been withTCS since 1989 and held several HR leadership roles across business groups within the company. Mathew's appointment follows the streak of leadership changes made by CEO K Krithivasan since he took the helm at India's largest IT services company earlier this year. Head of diversity and inclusion Preeti D’Mello and Brinda R, head of leadership careers, will report to Mathew. Anant Haidale, who was previously leading LeaD and was the HR head in North America is said to be moving to a new leadership role in the manufacturing business group, as per the internal note. Haidale, based in New Jersey, USA, joined TCS from Infosys in 2007 and has held key roles within the manufacturing segment. The manufacturing business group announced in July, during the restructure by CEO Krithivasan, is led by Anupam Singhal. Haidale comes with over 30 years of experience in the manufacturing sector.What the HR mail says“I am pleased to announce the appointment of Ms Elizabeth Mathew (Liz) as the head of TCS LeaD. Liz takes over from Anant Haidale who, after a successful stint in HR, has moved to take up a leadership role in the Manufacturing Business Group,” wrote Lakkad. He added that Mathew will have the responsibility to nurture leadership talent apart from the overall responsibility of diversity and inclusion initiatives within the organisation. In July this year, TCS announced multiple senior management changes, in a note to the exchanges. The changes are titled 'Change in Management'. In the note, TCS also said that chief technology officer K Ananth Krishnan will retire on July 31, 2023.TCS announced that it has made several changes to senior management personnel (SMP) in the company under the SEBI guidelines. The SMPs identified include Harrick Vin, Shankar Narayanan, V Rajanna, Siva Ganesan, Ashok Pai and Reguraman (Regu) Ayyaswamy.